>>> I KNOW YOU MAY HAVE BEEN
WAITING HERE AWHILE.
GOOD THING YOU ALL HAD YOUR
PHONES WITH YOU.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
AS THE FATHER OF TWO TEENAGED
DAUGHTERS, I KNOW THE WHOLE TIME
YOU WERE JUST LIKE -- AND THEN
HE SAID.
GIRL, I COULDN'T BELIEVE IT.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Jimmy: TALKING ABOUT YOUR
DAUGHTERS WHO I ASSUME KEEP YOU
UP TO DATE ON ALL THE
TECHNOLOGY.
>> THEY DO.
NOW, SASHA GAVE ME INSTRUCTIONS
ON SNAPCHAT.
>> Jimmy: OH, REALLY.
>> ONE NIGHT AT DINNER WE'RE
SITTING THERE.
AND I HAD READ THAT SNAPCHAT WAS
BECOMING REALLY POPULAR AMONG
HER AGE COHORT.
SO I SAID, TELL ME ABOUT
SNAPCHAT.
SO SHE STARTS EXPLAINING STUFF.
THEN YOU CAN MAKE LITTLE FACES
ON YOUR PICTURE, THIS AND THAT
AND THE OTHER.
AND AT THE END OF IT, MICHELLE
AND I ARE SITTING THERE.
I SAID, ISN'T THIS INTERESTING.
I STARTED TALKING ABOUT THE
IMPLICATIONS OF SOCIAL MEDIA,
WHAT ALL THIS MEANS.
COME TO FIND OUT SHE WAS
RECORDING US THE WHOLE TIME AND
THEN SENT TO HER FRIENDS
AFTERWARDS, "THIS IS MY DAD
LECTURING US ON THE MEANING OF
SOCIAL MEDIA."
SHE TOOK A PICTURE OF HERSELF
SORT OF LOOKING BORED.
>> Jimmy: WOW.
>> YOU KNOW.
>> Jimmy: AS IF YOU DON'T HAVE
ENOUGH SECURITY PROBLEMS RIGHT
NOW.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> MICHELLE OF COURSE LOVED IT.
MALIA THOUGHT IT WAS A RIOT.
THEY DISTRIBUTED IT TO ALL THEIR
FRIENDS.
THIS IS WHAT I GO THROUGH DURING
DINNER.
>> Jimmy: WOULD YOU TELL YOUNG
PEOPLE THAT THEY SHOULD NEVER
WRITE ANYTHING IN AN E-MAIL THAT
MIGHT POSSIBLY BE CONTROVERSIAL
IN ANY WAY?
>> IT'S INTERESTING.
I HAVE E-MAIL, I DON'T HAVE
TEXTING.
BECAUSE MY PHONE FUNCTION IS
DISABLED.
I NOW HAVE AN iPHONE BUT IT IS
LIKE THE PHONE YOU GIVE YOUR
2-YEAR-OLD.
>> Jimmy: YEAH.
>> THEY CAN PRESS THINGS BUT
NOTHING ACTUALLY HAPPENS.
>> Jimmy: RIGHT.
>> SO MY PHONE HAS NO PHONE.
NO CAMERA.
>> Jimmy: WHAT?
>> NO MUSIC.
ALL IT HAS IS THE INTERNET AND I
CAN SEND E-MAILS.
I THINK IT HAS A WEATHER BOX
TOO.
>> Jimmy: YEAH, RIGHT.
>> SO I SEND E-MAILS.
MY RULE HAS BEEN THROUGHOUT MY
PRESIDENCY IS THAT I ASSUME
SOMEDAY, SOMETIME, SOMEBODY WILL
READ THIS E-MAIL.
SO I DON'T SEND ANY E-MAIL
THAT --
>> Jimmy: YEAH, NO.
>> THAT AT SOME POINT WON'T BE
ON THE FRONT PAGE OF THE
NEWSPAPERS.
>> HOW'S THE WI-FI AT THE WHITE
HOUSE, IS IT GOOD?
>> WE JUST UPDATED IT I THINK A
YEAR AND A HALF AGO.
AND THE GIRLS THREW A PARTY.
IT'S AN OLD BUILDING, THE WALLS
ARE THICK.
WE WEREN'T GETTING REAL GOOD
SIGNALS.
>> DO WE KNOW WHO HACKED NETFLIX
FRIDAY NIGHT?
TO ME, THAT IS AN ACT OF WAR.
>> YEAH?
YOU DIDN'T KNOW WHAT TO DO?
>> Jimmy: WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO
DO?
PEOPLE ARE SITTING DOWN TO WATCH
"NARCOS" OR SOMETHING AND
NOTHING.
DO WE KNOW, DO WE HAVE ANY IDEA
WHO DID THAT?
>> WE DON'T HAVE ANY IDEA WHO
DID THAT.
BUT WHAT IS TRUE IS THAT WE ARE
ALL CONNECTED.
WE'RE ALL WIRED NOW.
AND ONE OF THE BIGGEST
CHALLENGES FOR THE NEXT
PRESIDENT AND THE PRESIDENT
AFTER THAT AND THE PRESIDENT
AFTER THAT IS GOING TO BE HOW DO
WE CONTINUE TO GET ALL THE
BENEFITS OF BEING IN CYBER SPACE
BUT PROTECT OUR FINANCES,
PROTECT OUR PRIVACY?
HOW DO WE BALANCE ISSUES OF
SECURITY?
BECAUSE PEOPLE EXPECT THE
GOVERNMENT TO MONITOR THIS
ENOUGH TO PROTECT THEM FROM BAD
GUYS.
BUT THEY WORRY THAT IF
GOVERNMENT IS IN THERE TOO MUCH,
THEN WHO'S GOING TO BE PROTECT
THEM FROM GOVERNMENT?
AND WE'RE GOING TO HAVE TO COME
UP WITH FRAMEWORKS AND SOME OF
IT'S GOING TO INVOLVE